What is taraxa and why is it needed?
Taraxa is a purpose-built, fast, scalable, and device-friendly public ledger designed to help businesses make better and more responsive decisions.Rapid technological innovation and globalization are driving the need for ever more urgency, quality, and competitiveness in the modern economy - the pressure to go faster, better, cheaper has never been higher.  Taraxa technologies are designed to solve real-world problems. Applications that can be implemented functionality for how the public registry layer is designed and implemented. Using this purpose and registry allows you to use the most optimal results. As the blockchain space matures, pioneering networks such as Bitcoin and Ethereum have run into scalability bottlenecks. One of the key scalability metrics is total network throughput, usually measured by transactions per second (TPS). For single-chain topologies, however, increasing TPS necessarily means a decrease in security, the recovery of which negates any TPS gains. The loss of security is attributable to the fact that honest nodes are not coordinated, whereas as a malicious adversary can coordinate off-chain to produce a branch-free set of blocks and thus determine the longest chain.
Taraxa developed an algorithm that drives Fair and Efficient Proposals by leveraging Verifiable Random Function and Verifiable Delay Function.VDF is a function that is meant to take a prescribed amount of time to compute, is highly resistant to parallel computations , and whose output is extremely fast. At any given moment, a node's eligibility to propose a block requires the successful computation of a VDF with a difficulty factor set by a VRF. The VRF's inputs are simply the signature of the latest observed Period Block hash and the current level of the block DAG at which the node wishes to propose a block. The VDF is then adjusted for difficulty according to the output of the VRF, and the VDF's inputs are the block hash of the terminating DAG tip of the computed Anchor Chain, and the same inputs as the VRF. This method allows any eligible node to propose a block once the VDF has been properly computed, removing the possibility of deadlocks occurring on the block DAG. However, the other implication of this property is that since blocks can always be proposed, we could end up with as many blocks as eligible node proposing nodes, potentially opening the network to block DAG reordering attacks.
Note that it is also financially unprofitable to add blocks into the block DAG after observing a good many blocks appearing at the current level. The "late" block is guaranteed to be ordered behind the previously observed blocks, and because it is late, its transactions have a high probability of overlapping with those blocks that came before.
 Conclusion:
I believe that For the Taraxa network to remain healthy and viable in the long-term, it must be adaptable and responsive to the network stakeholders’ demands.
gmail:egooor4ikk@gmail.com
